The girls marched into chapel singing Jerusalem the Golden. Some of
the voices were shrill and piping, and some were clear and sweet; but
all had that peculiar young freshness which always makes old hearts
ache, and which now drew tears to the eyes of many visiting parents
looking down from the gallery, and trying not to crane their necks
conspicuously when their own offspring appeared in the aisle below.

On Sundays the whole school came out in blue serge and black velvet
tam-o'-shanters. The little girls marched first--some as young as
eleven years--and as they came from the main school buildings and
marched up the long aisle they were holding the high notes, "Jerusalem
the golden," and their voices sounded like young birds', before the
older girls came crashing in with the next line, "With milk and honey
blest." They marched quickly--it was a tradition of the school--divided
to right and left, and filed into their appointed places.

Last of all came the tall senior president, and beside her a little
figure that hardly reached her shoulder, and seemed as if one of
the younger children were out of place; yet this was an important
figure in the life of the school--Lita Hazlitt, the chairman of the
self-government committee.

Her face was almost round except for a small point that was her chin;
her hair--short curls, not ringlets--curved up on her black velvet tam,
and was blond, but a dusky blond. There was something alert, almost
naughty in her expression, although at the moment this was mitigated
by an air of discretion hardly avoidable by the chairman of the
self-government committee in church.

In this, her last year at Elbridge Hall, she had come to love the
chapel. Its gray stone and dark narrow windows of blue or amethyst,
the organ and the voices, gave her a sense of peace almost mystic--a
mood she could never have attained unaided, for hers was a nature
essentially practical. Like most practical people, she was kind. It was
so easy for Lita to see what was needed--to do a problem in geometry
or mend a typewriter or knit a sweater--that she was always doing such
things for her friends, not so much from unselfishness as from sheer
competence.